What kind of room type do you want to see specifically?
Calculate how much it is. Click directly to take me to the Internet cafe.
Okay, you two, please come over here. husband,
I just stay here for a few more days because of work.
There is no need to buy a haircut. Look at all the things going on here.
Do you always stay in a hotel every time you come to Yuncheng?
I don’t come here often either. Wouldn't that be too disruptive?
My husband used to spend it on his wife.
Thank you husband. You are so kind to me.
That's good for me. Very good.
You two, this movement is our building network here.
Did I read that right?
Is there a place where grandma and dogs can come?
Why do these two people always stay together?
When will I be poor?
People who are now consumed by graphics cards
That's richer than a poor bastard like you
This outfit can give you faith
Sir, the price of this house is 1.11 billion
But this gentleman wants it